0.  How many different colors does each format support?
    BMP: 32 bits
    GIF: 8 bits
    JPEG: 24 bits
    PNG: 24 bits
    
1.  Which of the formats supports animation? GIF


2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
    Lossless and lossy compression are terms that describe whether all original data can be recovered when the file is uncompressed. 
    With lossless compression, every single bit of data that was originally in the file remains after the file is uncompressed.


3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed? JPEG


4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
    The system modifies the filename's first character in the file's directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted
    and that the directory entry can be re-used.  The system also removes all of the files FAT clusters to the hard drive's list
    of free clusters.  

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
    Overwrite the entire disc with a few random passes.  


6.  What’s stdint.h?  A header file that declares sets of integer types having standard widths.  It also defines corresponding 
    macros.


7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?  They are exact-width integer types for 
    unsigned char, unsigned long int, signed long int, and signed long int.  They help make more portable code by providing a set 
    of typedefs that specify exact-width integer types.
    
8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
    BYTE = 1 byte 
    DWORD = 4 bytes
    LONG = 4 bytes
    WORD = 2 bytes
    
    
9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? (Leading bytes used to identify 
    file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
    
    ASCII: BM
    Hexadecimal: 0x42 0x4D
    
10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
    bfSize is the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.  biSize is the size of the bitmap file header. 

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
    If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down with the origin at the upper left corner. 


12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
    biBitCount

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
    It can't find an output file to open.

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
    This value specifies how many elements to read in the fread() function.  It is always 1 because only one element is being read.
    In this case, it is the bitmapfileheader struct.  

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
    int padding =  (4 - (bi.biWidth * sizeof(RGBTRIPLE)) % 4) % 4;
    RGBTRIPLE is 3 bytes
    (4 - (3 * 3)) % 4) % 4
    (4 - (9 % 4) % 4
    (4 - 1) % 4
    padding = 3
    Must always be multiple of 4 (3 padding * 3 bytes per pixel * 3 pixels = 12)

16. What does fseek do?
    It moves to a specific location in a file.

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
    It moves the pointer x bytes down from the current position.  
    
18. Whodunit?
    Is it Rick Astley?  (Now I have that song stuck in my head!)
